Resolution check for the evolving-wind dense cooling run

Current inputs: uniform 30 K ISM, n_H=1e4 hydrogen nuclei/cm^3 including
helium (rho=2.34164e-20 g/cm^3), exact radiative cooling with Tfix=false,
saturated Spitzer conduction, and the supplied evolving wind. The configured
end is the table's last age, 5.24 Myr (535.5304793077746 code units).
With Tfix=false, the 30 K cooling cutoff does not enforce a hard thermal floor.
The gas EOS is still the existing fully ionized approximation; the density
normalization does not add a molecular/temperature-dependent EOS.

From this problem directory in PowerShell:
    .\prepare_resolution_runs.ps1

This creates separate 192-, 384-, and 768-base-cell inputs and prints their
launch commands. It does not start simulations. Keep the executable and wind
table unchanged until all three runs finish. The inputs differ only in base
cell count and output paths. All use AMR max level 4, the same refinement
thresholds, and matching 100,000-year snapshot times, plus the final output.

Maximum-level cell widths for the 0.01-8 pc domain:
    192: 0.00520182 pc
    384: 0.00260091 pc
    768: 0.00130046 pc
These are attainable minimum widths, not a guarantee the entire wall stays
at maximum AMR level. Check the actual cell/block spacing around each front.
If AMR fails to cover a front, increase its coverage consistently in every
member of the comparison and repeat the study.

Compare at identical ages, especially before/during/after wind transitions:
  - Forward-shock radius and wind termination-shock radius.
  - Shell mass from native cell density times spherical cell volume.
  - Shell mass-weighted radius.
  - Radial interval containing a fixed fraction (e.g. central 80%) of shell
    mass, using the same definition of shell in every run.
  - Hot-bubble pressure/energy and the resulting light curve if available.
Use native cell quantities for conservation measurements. VTU PointData
interpolates cell values onto nodes, which can bias very thin shell widths
and peaks. Cross-check global mass against accumulated injected wind mass
and net flux through both domain boundaries.

Suggested initial acceptance targets (choose tighter ones if the fit needs
them): successive two refinements change wall radius and mass by <5%, the
mass-based wall width by <10%, and relevant light-curve features by <5%.
Require the discrepancies to shrink with refinement and verify this across
the epochs of interest. If they do not, add a 1536-cell run or equivalent
extra AMR coverage. Small changes between just one pair are insufficient.
Also halve CFL in a separate matched control after the spatial comparison;
source/cooling time accuracy can limit convergence even with exact cooling.

As a useful screening check, aim for at least 10-20 actual cells across the
wall width you wish to model. This is not a convergence proof. If the mass
and radius converge but the wall remains a few cells thick, its microscopic
thickness/peak density remain unresolved. Use an integrated thin-shell
description or increase resolution rather than treating numerical width as
a measured physical cooling-layer thickness.

The table contains rounded duplicate ages; the loader keeps the last row
at each age. Extension to 5.24 Myr does not recover the lost transition timing.
Use higher-precision stellar ages when available and repeat late-time checks.
